[17.0][ADD] mail_activity_cancel_tracking: New module (#1599)
OCA/social: mail_activity_cancel_tracking/readme/USAGE.md

> #. Go to a record that has activities (Contacts for example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to a record that allows to record activities (Contacts for example).
```

#. Create an activity.
#. Click on the "Cancel" button.

> #. A message will have been added indicating what has been canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A message is added in the chatter indicating the details of the activity that has been canceled.
```
